Adds GitHub issue templates (#7468)
redis/redis: .github/ISSUE_TEMPLATE/crash_report.md

---
name: Crash report

> about: Submit a crash report generated by redis-server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
about: Submit a crash report generated by redis
```

Reviewer: i mean. sometimes the crash is in redis-cli or sentinel, etc.

> title: '[CRASH] REDIS BUG REPORT'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: '[CRASH] '
```

labels: ''
assignees: ''

---

**Crash report**

> Paste the relevant log lines below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Paste the complete crash log between the quotes below.
please include a few lines from before the crash log too in case they provide context.
```

> Paste the complete crash log between the quotes below. Please include a few lines from before the crash log too in case they provide context.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Paste the complete crash log between the quotes below. Please include a few lines from the log preceding the crash report to provide some context.
```
